Update docs (#6336)
sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle: docs/reference/form_types.rst

  From the ``$admin`` parameter it is possible to get the ``Datagrid`` and the ``Request``::

      $formMapper
          ->add('category', ModelAutocompleteType::class, [
              'property' => 'title',

>               'callback' => function ($admin, $property, $value) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              'callback' => static function (AdminInterface $admin, string $property, $value): void {
```

                  $datagrid = $admin->getDatagrid();
                  $queryBuilder = $datagrid->getQuery();
                  $queryBuilder
                      ->andWhere($queryBuilder->getRootAlias() . '.foo=:barValue')
                      ->setParameter('barValue', $admin->getRequest()->get('bar'))
                  ;
                  $datagrid->setValue($property, null, $value);
              },
          ])
      ;

>   If you want to dynamically change a ``property`` to something else, you can use prefix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If you want to dynamically change the ``property`` being filtered on to something else,
  you can use a prefix system, as follows.
```

>   When you type **id: 20** property is id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When you type **id: 20** property is "id".
```

>   When you type **id: 20** property is "id".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  When the user types **id: 20** the property used for filtering is "id".
```

>   When you type: **username: awesome_user_name** property is username::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When you type: **username: awesome_user_name** property is "username"::
```

>   When you type: **username: awesome_user_name** property is "username"::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  When they type **username: awesome_user_name**, it will be "username"::
```

      $formMapper
          ->add('category', ModelAutocompleteType::class, [
              'property' => 'title',

>               'callback' => function ($admin, $property, $value) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              'callback' => static function (AdminInterface $admin, string $property, string $value): void {
```
